README.md, before:

# Biome config

A simple configuration utility for [Biome.js](https://biomejs.dev/), the best linter/formatter for JavaScript.

## Usage

In your project root, execute the following command:

```bash
npx biome-config setup
```

This command will:

- Install `@biomejs/biome`.
- Create a `biome.json` file in your project root with a complete configuration ready to work.

You'll also be prompted to add custom scripts to your `package.json` file, which will help you run `biome.js` commands more easily.

## What's next?

To use `biome.js` as your default linter and formatter, you should install the following VS Code extension:

- [Biome VS Code extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=biomejs.biome)

Then, add the following configuration to your `settings.json` or `.vscode/settings.json` file:

```json
// BIOME
"[typescript][typescriptreact]": {
  "editor.defaultFormatter": "biomejs.biome",
  "editor.formatOnSave": true,
  "editor.codeActionsOnSave": {
    "quickfix.biome": "explicit",
    "source.organizeImports.biome": "explicit"
  },
},
```

> [!TIP]
> Biome supports the following languages:
>
> javascript, javascriptreact, typescript, typescriptreact, json, jsonc, css, graphql

### Now you are ready to go! 🚀

Commit message:

feat: added update script to update biome version and schema version in the biome.json

README.md, after:

# Biome config

A simple configuration utility for [Biome.js](https://biomejs.dev/), the best linter/formatter for JavaScript.

## Usage

### For new projects

In your project root, execute the following command:

```bash
npx biome-config setup
```

This command will:

- Install `@biomejs/biome`.
- Create a `biome.json` file in your project root with a complete configuration ready to work.

You'll also be prompted to add custom scripts to your `package.json` file, which will help you run `biome.js` commands more easily.

### For updating your configuration

If you already have a `biome.json` file in your project root, you can update it by executing the following command:

```bash
npx biome-config update
```

This command will:

- Update the latest version of `@biomejs/biome`.
- Update your `biome.json` file with the latest `$schema` version.

## What's next?

To use `biome.js` as your default linter and formatter, you should install the following VS Code extension:

- [Biome VS Code extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=biomejs.biome)

Then, add the following configuration to your `settings.json` or `.vscode/settings.json` file:

```json
// BIOME
"[typescript][typescriptreact]": {
  "editor.defaultFormatter": "biomejs.biome",
  "editor.formatOnSave": true,
  "editor.codeActionsOnSave": {
    "quickfix.biome": "explicit",
    "source.organizeImports.biome": "explicit"
  },
},
```

> [!TIP]
> Biome supports the following languages:
>
> javascript, javascriptreact, typescript, typescriptreact, json, jsonc, css, graphql

### Now you are ready to go! 🚀
